[ Client DLL ]
There's still loads of work to be done to make this a fully fledged Bittorrent Client. I've divided the work into three sections (for the moment). Features to be added, features to be improved and sections of code that need rearchitecting. I've also put a difficulty estimation for anyone interested in picking an item and completing it.

-- FEATURES TO BE ADDED --
    01) HTTP Seeding - The ability to use a normal HTTP/FTP download as a "seed". [MEDIUM-HIGH]
    04) Implement DHT/Peer Exchange. [MEDIUM-LOW]
    14) Support SOCKS proxies
    29) Algorithm to allow for automatic scheduling of torrents based on rules is being implemented. Should allow for people to select "seed for 30 mins after completion or a ratio of 1.4 us reached and total bandwidth is below 150kB/sec" etc.

-- FEATURES TO BE IMPROVED --
    01) Allow editing of .torrent information EXCEPT for the infohash section [MEDIUM]
    05) New super seeding algorithm. At the moment defaults to "seeding" which defaults to "downloading. [LOW]
    30) Put peers that i can connect to but drop the connection in a seperate "busy" list instead of dropping them completely.
    31) After receiving X number of pieces from a peer, reduce their FailedConnectionAttempts value as they are "good"

If anyone finds bugs or anything in the code (which i'm sure there are many :p) feel free to drop me an email. For the moment i don't want people commiting patches directly to SVN, i'd like to see them first. But if you want to fix a bug, please go right ahead and write the code. The only request i have is to do your best to match my coding style. There's nothing worse than having several different coding styles in the same class.

[ Tracker DLL ]

-- FEATURES TO BE ADDED --

    06) Integrate the Tracker into the GUI 
    08) Change the backend to use the event form 07
    09) Add in support for NAT-Checking (checking if peers are connectable). If they aren't, send em a warning message


-- FEATURES TO BE IMPROVED --
    03) Improve doc
